Add feature flag for deprecated fields (#167)
TrueLayer/reqwest-middleware: reqwest-tracing/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.5.2] - 2024-07-15

### Added

> - Added support for `opentelemetry` 0.13 to 0.19 through the `deprecated_attributes` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added feature flag, `deprecated_attributes`, for emitting [deprecated opentelemetry HTTP attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/http/migration-guide/) alongside the stable ones used by default
```
